README.md, before:

ats-interoperability-metadata
=============================

Abstract Test Suite for additional metadata elements included in INSPIRE Implementing Rules on the Interoperability of Spatial Datasets and Services (Commission Regulation (EU) No 1089/2010) and in the Data Specifications Technical Guidelines for the Annex I-III spatial data themes.

References
<a name="IR"></a>
* [1] [COMMISSION REGULATION (EU) No 1089/2010 of 23 November 2010 implementing Directive 2007/2/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards interoperability of spatial data sets and services 08.12.2010](http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/PDF/?uri=OJ:L:2010:323:FULL&from=EN)
<a name="IR-M2"></a>
* [2] [COMMISSION REGULATION (EU) No 1253/2013 of 21 October 2013 amending Regulation (EU) No 1089/2010 implementing Directive 2007/2/EC as regards
interoperability of spatial data sets and services](http://eur-lex.europa.eu/LexUriServ/LexUriServ.do?uri=OJ:L:2013:331:0001:0267:EN:PDF)

*Note*: This ATS is in draft stage, none of the tests have an official INSPIRE MIG approval.

This Conformance Class contains the following tests:

| Identifier                                                        | Origin | Mechanical | Status   |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ------ | ---------- | -------- |
| [A.01.IR13.1.crs](A.01.IR13.1.crs.md)                              | [IR](#IR)     |            | Draft    |  
| [A.02.IR13.2.trs](A.02.IR13.2.trs.md)                              | [IR](#IR)     |            | Draft    |  
| [A.03.IR13.3.enc](A.03.IR13.3.enc.md)                              | [IR](#IR)     |            | Draft    |  
| [A.04.IR13.4.topo](A.04.IR13.4.topo.md)                            | [IR](#IR)     |            | Draft    |  
| [A.05.IR13.5.char.enc](A.05.IR13.5.char.enc.md)                    | [IR](#IR)     |            | Draft    |  
| [A.06.IR13.6.spat.rep](A.06.IR13.6.spat.rep.md)					 | [IR-M2](#IR-M2)     |            | Draft    |  

## XML namespace prefixes <a name="namespaces"></a>

The following prefixes are used to refer to the corresponding XML namespaces in all test descriptions:

Prefix     | Namespace
---------- | -------------------------------------------------

Commit message:

updated status to ready for review, some fixes in tests

README.md, after:

ats-interoperability-metadata
=============================

Abstract Test Suite for additional metadata elements included in INSPIRE Implementing Rules on the Interoperability of Spatial Datasets and Services (Commission Regulation (EU) No 1089/2010) and in the Data Specifications Technical Guidelines for the Annex I-III spatial data themes.

References
<a name="IR"></a>
* [1] [COMMISSION REGULATION (EU) No 1089/2010 of 23 November 2010 implementing Directive 2007/2/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards interoperability of spatial data sets and services 08.12.2010](http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/PDF/?uri=OJ:L:2010:323:FULL&from=EN)
<a name="IR-M2"></a>
* [2] [COMMISSION REGULATION (EU) No 1253/2013 of 21 October 2013 amending Regulation (EU) No 1089/2010 implementing Directive 2007/2/EC as regards
interoperability of spatial data sets and services](http://eur-lex.europa.eu/LexUriServ/LexUriServ.do?uri=OJ:L:2013:331:0001:0267:EN:PDF)

*Note*: This ATS is in Ready for review stage, none of the tests have an official INSPIRE MIG approval.

This Conformance Class contains the following tests:

| Identifier                                                        | Origin | Mechanical | Status   |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ------ | ---------- | -------- |
| [A.01.IR13.1.crs](A.01.IR13.1.crs.md)                              | [IR](#IR)     |  Yes          | Ready for review    |  
| [A.02.IR13.2.trs](A.02.IR13.2.trs.md)                              | [IR](#IR)     |  No          | Ready for review    |  
| [A.03.IR13.3.enc](A.03.IR13.3.enc.md)                              | [IR](#IR)     |  Partial          | Ready for review    |  
| [A.04.IR13.4.topo](A.04.IR13.4.topo.md)                            | [IR](#IR)     |  Partial          | Ready for review    |  
| [A.05.IR13.5.char.enc](A.05.IR13.5.char.enc.md)                    | [IR](#IR)     |  Yes          | Ready for review    |  
| [A.06.IR13.6.spat.rep](A.06.IR13.6.spat.rep.md)					 | [IR-M2](#IR-M2)  | Yes           | Ready for review    |  

## XML namespace prefixes <a name="namespaces"></a>

The following prefixes are used to refer to the corresponding XML namespaces in all test descriptions:

Prefix     | Namespace
---------- | -------------------------------------------------
